---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week we learned a great deal of information on inheritance and the interesting C++ rules that apply to classes and subclasses. I do like some of the features that C++ implements, but I do believe that C++ classes and also C++ in general is an incredibly detail oriented language and should not be used by someone who doesn't full understand that's going on. Especially after this week, I'm realizing all the little nuances that need to be understood. Overall it was a informative week of lectures. I also began the final project, Life.


## What's in your way?


The last project is in my way becuase it's been a little difficult to get started since we don't really have any experience with abstract classes and handle classes. Although it's going to be a great learning experience, it's been tough trying to understand and structure all the classes. I'm especially having trouble with the Cell copy constructor and I still haven't figured out how to use the clone method to achieve this. Other than that, the project seems pretty straight forward and I'm excited to learn from it.


## What will you do next week?


Next week, I plan to finish the project early, hopefully... I'd like to get it done so I can be free of OOP until the final, haha. Next week I also plan to write short summaries of all the of Piazza class notes before the last exam so that I'm not doing it a couple of days before.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is <www.reddit.com>. It's incredibly useful to join a subreddit and post questions and look for help for relatively any computer science related topic. Languages, algorithms, sample problems, etc. I find it helpful asking questions, getting ideas, and browsing to see what new thing there is to learn.