---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week we wrote out own vector class during class. The most valuable thing I took away from the lectures this week was to be careful about how constructors and methods are written. C++ can be very tricky sometimes and I definitely need to be very careful for whatever I write since under the hood it might be doing something very different. This week I also finished the Allocator project with my partner. It was a pretty fun project and we started early so we had it pretty much done before it was due on Thursday. Overall it was a good project and a good learning experience on how allocators work.


## What's in your way?


What's in my way is the amount of information that we're given in class. It seems like the details of the lectures are getting more and more in-depth and since there won't be a test until the last day of class, it seems like there's going to be a BUNCH of information that we'll need to know for the exam. Even though I've been keeping up with the class and been paying attention, it's very daunting to see how many more lectures we have until an exam and the vast amount of detailed information we get each lecture.


## What will you do next week?


Next week, I hope to start the next project early since Halloween weekend is coming up and I'd like to get a head start on it. I've already got a partner for a project, but I hope to work with him to knock out a good amount of the project before next week. 


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is to use <http://getbootstrap.com/>. It's a pretty popular framework for web programming and definitely very helpful for people who want to build responsive web pages. I definitely would recommend it to anyone and it's pretty easy to get it working.






