---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week I learned about containers and iterators in C++ and had a talk with a speaker from JPL. I think the container and iterator lecture was the most informative because it can definitely be applied to every single language and software engineering aspect of computer science. It definitely stuck with me and I really appreciate how Professor Downing made it so clear and how important it was to not be careless when choosing iterators and containers. This week I also finished the Netflix project. It was tough getting to the final submission project because we had to restructure a lot of it for the unit tests to run.

## What's in your way?


What's in my way is the difficulty of the software that we're required to use for these projects. It's confusing and sometimes hard to understand how things are supposed to work and sometimes they don't even work. For example, Travis CI wasn't building because we're using a Github classroom account and one of the students had to ask Travis to fix it for us. It stopped me and my partner for a day because we spent a least 30 minutes trying to fix what was wrong with Travis. It was frustrating that the software we're required to use isn't even guaranteed to work for us and we have to figure it out ourselves.


## What will you do next week?


Next week, I plan to being practicing some pointers in C++ and reviewing the material for the exam. I know that it's going to take a lot of practice and I want to prepare myself for some trick questions that will be on the exam. Next week I'd also like to catch up on the readings, because I've fallen a little behind due to the project.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is <http://htmldog.com/guides/>. His tutorials are really good for anyone starting out to learn the HTML, CSS, JS combo. They're pretty straightforward and he doesn't get caught up in the little details about everything. I enjoy doing one section a day and they're pretty short and easy to look back on. 


