---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week I spent the whole week studying for the exam. I spent a couple of hours a day studying with some friends for the exam. We had some good study sessions and it was beneficial to study with them. The test was a lot better than I expected. I expected some really tricky questions like Professor Downing likes to ask in class. Overall, the test was pretty fair. I think it was really well thoughtout and really encompassed the material that we learned in class. Studying definitely helped and preparing for the exam the way Professor Downing suggested. Although I do like typing, I felt like doing the exam on Canvas was a bit tricky. It was my first computer based exam where I had to write code that I've taken, so it was a bit scary. I was afraid of some stupid Canvas mistakes or losing wifi, but it went fine. I personally would've liked the exam to be on paper though.


## What's in your way?


What's in my way is the project that's coming up. I have a pretty busy week lined up and Project 3 is definitely going to make it difficult. I already have a partner so that won't be a problem, but I hope this project doesn't take too long to set up like last time. I'm also curious what we'll be learning throughout the semester. I can't wait to learn some object-oriented based stuff since we haven't really dove into that stuff yet.


## What will you do next week?


Next week, I'll start on the project with my partner. He has plans over the weekend so we'd like to get it finished by this week if possible. Additionally, I plan to catch up on the readings because these past couple weeks have been busy with midterms so I'd like to catch up on this classes' material.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is to study with friends. Even if you think you know everything about the class, it really helps solidify your knowledge when you can teach it to someone else. While I was teaching my friend, I actually realized that I had a hole in my understanding and we worked together to figure the problem out together. It also helps knowing that you're not the only one struggling with the material and working together is more efficient than working alone. 



