---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week I complete the Collatz project. It took me a decent amount of time, but nothing too ridiculous. It was a fairly simple project, algorithm wise, but difficult getting used to and learning all the new tools to help me write better code. It was definitely a great learning experience and I feel prepared for the rest of the semester. Lectures this week went really well too. We learned more about C++ as a language and it was very informative that Professor Downing was helping us brush up on some pointer skills and the data types of C++. Overall this week was a good learning experience that will help me for the rest of the semester.

## What's in your way?


I'm a little rusty on pointers and references. I feel like after the review that Professor Downing gave, I definitely need to do some examples and outside work to brush up my skills. I'm fairly confident in some of the examples that he gave, but I don't feel confident in some of the trickier problems that he showed us.


## What will you do next week?


Next week, I'm planning to get ahead on the reading and hopefully dive deeper into the object-oriented mindset. I hope that he begins lecturing over object-oriented based stuff. It was great that he taught us about classes and structs this past week, but I hope he dives deeper into how they interact with each other.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is this website <http://codepen.io/>. It's helpful for web programming. It helps you immediately see how your changes are reflected in the website you create. It updates the website in real time so you can fiddle around with CSS styles and JS related stuff. I find it very helpful since I'm currently teaching myself web programming.

