---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week I learned a lot about C++ as a language and got a good amount of pointer review from Professor Downing. This past week was also great because we had a speaker that talked about being in the industry and it was particularly helpful to get a glimpse of what my degree will actually be used for and for someone who was in the same position as me to provide us some insight into what actually happens after graduation. I also tried to get started on the Netflix project, but it wasn't very successful because I wasn't really sure what to do or start. I asked a lot of questions this week on what to do for the project because I don't think I fully understood what the instructions of the project were. I did a lot of work that was unused because I misunderstood the instructions. I think it was a good learning experience though because it taught me to pay more attention and I learned a bit more about C++ along the way.

## What's in your way?


Something that's in my way is the fact that Travis CI was broken which was a bit frustrating because nobody could get it to work either. Additionally, this project could possibly get in the way if I don't get a good head start on it. Pointers are also pretty confusing to work with so I definitely want to do a bit more problems and examples before the exam comes up. I missed a couple questions on the quiz on the quiz on Monday because my knowledge of pointers is in my way.


## What will you do next week?


Next week is the career fair so I'll be preparing and going to that. I hope to have some good interactions with the companies that are there and hopefully get an interview. Next week, I'm going to try to finish the Netflix project ASAP and learn more about how C++ works and the libraries that are available. I think this project is going to teach me a lot about the language and I'm excited to learn more about it.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is <http://www.learncpp.com/>. Although the standard library online is incredibly well documented and gives a ridiculous amount of detail about everything in the language, I feel like it's a bit too detailed and sometimes it's easy to get confused about what it's all trying to say. This website does a good job of quickily explaining C++ syntax and it gives some examples. It's been pretty helpful to me while trying to pick up the syntax without going to the documentation for a in-depth explanation which sometimes I don't need.


