---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week we learned a great deal about arrays in C++. Specifically about initilization and the details on what happens under the hood of how you write the intialization. This past week I also began working with my partner on Project 3, Allocator. Monday's lecture was super beneficial in getting a head start on the project. We've gotten pretty far on the project. We've finished all the functions, but we have some bugs that we need to clean up and then test. 


## What's in your way?


What's in my way is the details that were taught this past week. Although I understood during the lecture, I don't think I'll be able to remember all the little details that he discussed in class. Additionally, I'm a little afraid of the scores on the test. After receiving the test grades, I think I might be worried about my grade in the course.


## What will you do next week?


Next week I plan to finish the project with my partner before Tuesday, hopefully... I think we should be able to get it done, but who knows what we'll run into when we're testing and cleaning it up. I'm also planning on being more proactive on taking notes in class since they're becoming more and more detail oriented than before.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is to create an alias in your terminal. Working with docker and constantly copying and pasting the command is very frustrating. Open terminal and input the following.
```nano ~/.bash_profile```
Write ```'alias docker='your docker command here'```
Then restart your terminal and when you type "docker" terminal will run the command. This makes it a lot simpler to work with Docker.





