---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week I finished the last project, Project 5 Life. I ended up working alone since I had a busy week last week and wasn't able to find a partner. Luckily it turned out to be not as difficult of a project as I imagined, however it was pretty challenging. For me, the hardest part was the fact that we weren't really taught how to design or structure a C++ abstract class. So a lot of self-teaching was involved. There's definitely no problem with that, the set up was just what took a good amount of time before actually doing the easy part, implementing the actual project.


## What's in your way?


What's in my way is definitely going to be the exam that's coming up. It's been quite a while since the first exam and there's been a bunch of material since then... Although I do feel a bit better since now I know what Professor Downing's exams are like, but the vast amount of material will take a good amount of reviewing and relearning. 


## What will you do next week?


Next week is Thanksgiving break!!! I'm planning to maybe work on some personal projects, but mainly spend time with my family and eat lots of food. Hopefully I can get something for Black Friday, but currently I don't have anything in mind that I need. I hope to make it a relaxing break, definitely one that I need.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is mainly one for myself. Start studying early!!! Like I said earlier, the next exam is going to cover a LOT of material and starting early is going to help immensely. Not only will it cut stress, but it will help solidify the information that Professor Downing has taught us since some of it isn't very straight-forward and some of it is very tricky.

