---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week my partner and I finished the Darwin project. Overall it was a pretty fun project and I definitely learned a lot about C++ classes and I really enjoyed the object-oriented project. It was pretty cool to see what we learned in class applied to our project. We experienced some bugs because the copy constructor was being called and we quickly realized because of what we learned in class. Last week we also learned about move and the r-value identifier.


## What's in your way?


Something that's in my way was the significant amount of information that was taught to us this past week. It was a lot of information and I definitely feel like I'm falling behind in the course. They were a lot of important topics that were covered quickly and I haven't had the time to really learn them. I definitely would like to revisit the material before the last exam.


## What will you do next week?


This next week I will try to find a partner for the last project and hopefully start as soon as possible. I also plan to go over the material that I was having trouble picking up and making sure I really understand it before it hits me on the exam. I'd like to know it before studying for the exam so I won't be cramming to learn all the information.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is <https://developers.google.com/>. Google has a bunch of tools for developers and I definitely think they're all worth checking out. They've definitely put a lot of effort into providing developers with all the information and tools that they think is worth knowing.





