---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week in class gave me a good idea on how the rest of the semester is going to be. Reading the textbook is very helpful for learning the different strategies behind programming in an object-oriented way. Lectures are helpful for the projects and learning specific strategies for approaching different problems. I like how Professor Downing teaches in a very clear manner and teaches by showing us errors. This past week I also spent a good amount of time doing the Collatz Project. It was challenging at first getting everything up and running with Docker and configuring my Github to work with Travis CI. I also had to restart the repo a couple times because I messed up some branches and I was learning how to fix it. It's definitely been very helpful learning about helpful git commands and I spent more of the week just getting adjusted to the new programs that we'll be using throughout the rest of the year. I've only done the initial first two optimizations for the project, and I haven't done the caching, so I'll have to tackle that next week.

## What's in your way?


Something that's in my way this week is how I'm going to approach the cache problem of the project. I'm sure that it's not too difficult, but it doesn't seem trivial so I'll have to somehow figure out how to do it. Also, I've never had any experience with all the tools that Professor Downing is requiring us to use such as clang format, Travis CI, etc. so I'm just trying to get used to it all. Additionally, I have to write some tests for the Collatz project and I hope that it will help my understanding of Google Test better.

## What will you do next week?


Next week, I will complete the Collatz project by adding my cache and getting my project ready for submission. It's due on Thursday so I pretty much plan to work on it all week until I finish it. Next week I hope to read more into the textbook to learn more theories and tricks behind OOP and dive deeper into the course.

## Tip of the week


My pick-of-the-week is this video: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc1owf2-220&autoplay=1/>. It's a video where Google recruiters give some information and tips about technical interviews and I think it'll really help prepare me and my fellow classmates when the career fair comes to hopefully help them secure an internship.