---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

What did you do this past week?
The first week of CS371p was great because Professor Downing did a great job of simply stating his expectations and the course workload of the class without overloading us with a bunch of information. It was also very nice that he relatively showed us how he would be teaching the rest of the course to give us a feel on what to expect from his lectures. He eased us into the material and didn't give us a list of instructions for us to complete after the lecture. However, he did give us some homework on setting up the necessary materials for the upcoming projects. He then gave a lecture on assertions, google test, and gcov. In my opinion, it was a great lecture because he kept us engaged the whole time. He could've just simply stated the pros and cons of each, but he gave us many examples and demonstrated the pros and cons with the examples to help us grasp the material in a different way. I enjoyed how he called on random people in the class to keep us all on our toes and it was interesting to see many different people talk instead of the usual 10 people inside a classroom. 

What's in your way?
Something that is in my way is my lack of C++ knowledge. After taking CS429/CS439, I'm very familiar with C, and C++ seems relatively the same. However, I'm nervous about the language. I know that the course is not based on the language, but using it as an example to teach OOP. 

What will you do next week?
Next week, I will do the readings and be more prepared for the lectures so that Professor Downing's lecture can help reinforce the information I read in the book. Overall, I enjoyed the first week of this course. It has been informative yet relaxed which I think is helping me and a lot of my fellow classmates not get nervous or stressed about anything. So far, I'm happy with the course and I like how clear Professor Downing is. 

Tip of the week
My pick-of-the-week is this website: https://startbootstrap.com/. It contains a bunch of different themes for websites and you can easily view the source code for the chosen theme. I found it helpful while doing some personal web dev work.