---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## What did you do this past week?


This week we learned a lot about iterators in C++. It was incredibly interesting to see how they worked and what it took to make them work. There is a lot of syntax involved with making work as they're intended to work, but I think there's a lot of power that C++ provides for the iterators. We also got very in-depth with objects and classes in C. We dove over the different initilization techniques and wrote functions for a new class Range_Iterator. It was a great learning experience and it definitely helped me understand the syntax and the C++ way of making classes by doing an example like that.


## What's in your way?


Something that's in my way is Exam #1 that's happening this upcoming week. After seeing all the topics that Professor Downing posted, it seems very daunting and I'm definitely going to have to start studying soon. All the topics were very small, but they packed a lot of detailed and useful information that I know will be on the exam.


## What will you do next week?


Next week, I'm planning on studying for a couple hours everyday for the exam. I'm pretty sure I'll meet with my friends in class to go over the material with them and hopefully we can help each other out and study. I definitely feel pretty okay about the exam but some topics are going to need to be heavily reviewed.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is <https://teamtreehouse.com/>. They have lots of great tutorials and references for interactive web design for people who are trying to learn more code. They provide hours of content from JS to Python to iOS. Definitely worth checking out.



