---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

## How was my overall experience in the class?

Overall, I really enjoyed the course. I definitely learned a lot of useful information about C++ and just programming in general. The tools that Downing had us learn are definitely valuable in the future of our software engineering lives. However, I think the greatest thing that Downing has taught us is to think about what we're writing. It was so valuable to learn what actualy happens behind the scenes and how that effects what actually happens in our program. I really enjoyed Professor Downing's lectures because they were really engaging and always informative, which is sadly hard to come across in college. You can tell that he knows and loves what he's talking about. Something that I wish that was different about the course is how late we started learning actual object-oriented design techniques. Don't get me wrong, I don't believe that Downing taught it in a poor way, but signing up for an object-oriented course but only beginning to learn inheritance in Week 13 was kind of frustrating. I just expected to be learning about OOP sooner and more in depth. The last exam was pretty hard. Luckily Downing told us what to expect on the exam so it wasn't extremely difficult, but also don't expect not to be challeneged on his exams. I would recommend this class to everyone who's ready to learn about C++ and some OOP techniques. I didn't think the class was too challenging, but I do think that it takes a great deal of paying attention and work to stay on top of what Downing was teaching.
