---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week I finished the Collatz project. It was incredibly frustrating at the beginning since I kept getting a runtime error due to a poorly designed cache that was causing HackerRank to run out of space and cause a runtime error. I spent a long time trying to fix the error. It was also incredibly frustrating to realize that after all my effort to make a cache with good design and a lot of thought, people ended up just solving the problem with a pre-computed metacache. I ended up having to do that as well just to pass the HackerRank tests after reading that some people did that on Piazza. Luckily my efforts weren't gone to complete waste when Professor Downing said that we couldn't just use the pre-computed cache.

## What's in your way?

Something that was in my way was the crazy confusion of this project. It seemed like nobody really had an idea of what to do with the workflow and it was a big mess. A bunch of students had problems with makefiles, missing files, test files, etc. I spent way too long looking through Piazza to solve miniscule problems that distracted from actually working on the project that I would've liked. It just seemed a little too disorganized for a workflow but I'm assuming thats what the first project is like.

## What will you do next week?

Next week I'll begin to start looking at Project #2 Netflix. Luckily it's a partner project so hopefully I'll find a partner to work with and knock it out quickly. This coming week I also plan to get ahead and look at some Python tutorials so I don't have to spend time during the projects trying to figure out how to write certain things.

## What's my experience of the class?

My experience of the class has been pretty good so far. The lectures are pretty interesting but the chaos from the last project is making me hope that the future projects get better.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is definitely to check Piazza frequently. A lot of small problems that are discovered during the projects and little questions can really ease up the frustration that everyone in this class. Also, being active on posting questions or tips on Piazza really helps other people out and I definitely appreciate everyone's help on Piazza while working through this past project