---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we finished the entire project!! It was a good push by everyone on our group to get it finished and we even had some extra time for our front end team to make the site look nicer. This week we also learned more about refactoring along with abstract classes and dynamic binding in Java and Python. 

## What's in your way?

Something that's in my way is definitely going to be the exam. The first exam seemed to cover material that was more focused on specific topics. However, the second part of the semester seemed to cover a broader range of topics. It seems like there's going to be a lot of different material to study for the exam. It shoulnd't be too difficult, I personally just think it will be harder to study for.

## What will you do next week?

Next week I plan to just relax and prepare for the presentations. There isn't much going on for SWE for the second to last week of school. However, presentations do start on Friday and my group is going first. I don't think we're planning on meeting to prepare for the presentation, but it should go pretty well. We're pretty proud of our final product.

## What's my experience of the class?

The class is going well still. I'm pretty proud of our group for putting in a lot of work to getting the last part of the project done. We all communicated well and I think we're all pretty satisfied on how it turned out.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is <https://www.coursicle.com/utexas/>. Since MyEdu was shut down, Coursicle is a GREAT way to plan your schedule at UT. It's fairly straightforward and easy to use. I know most people have already registered, but maybe if you're still searching for classes or if you decide to use it next year.