---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we learned about regex, XML, and SQL. I thought that the regex lecture was pretty valuable since I've come across the need for regex in other projects. It was a nice quick tutorial that Professor Downing gave. On the other hand, I don't quite understand why we learned about XML. It seemed like just a topic that Professor Downing just threw in there. I was just unsure about why we were being taught it. But otherwise I think its also valuable to learn and understand what XML has to offer and how to read it. On the last lecture of the week we briefly went over SQL. This week I spent a good portion of the time doing the database stuff for our project. I was working on it alot this week since it needs to be done our group can continue on implementing the dynamic loading into the site.

## What's in your way?

A lot of problems came up while I was working on the backend for our website. Our API wasn't very consistent with how they stored data and it was very frustrating finding the errors and fixing them. For example if a launch didn't have any agencies, in some instances they would store an empty list of agencies with "" and others with []. Also, the API had duplicates in it as well. I had to check for duplicates and our group hasn't decided on how to handle them yet. Establishing the relationships between our models took a large amount of time as well. I had to follow various tutorials and there are a couple of different ways to establish back references in Flask. So I had to write the relationships and test that the models were actually being tested.

## What will you do next week?

Next week should be a pretty normal week. The second phase of the project is due though so it definitely won't be an easy week. Our group has finished a good amount of work, we just have to figure out the front end stuff. It shouldn't be too difficult, but hopefully we get it done soon.

## What's my experience of the class?

Class has been pretty good so far. I'm a little worried for the upcoming exam. There's been a lot of information about small topics so I'm not quite sure what to expect. Unlike the first exam which was just testing Python knowledge, I think I'll have a hard time studying for the next exam.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is to apply the knowledge we learned in class about regex. After learning it in the lecture, I used some of the techniques when working through the project. I reviewed the various characters and looked up more tips online. It's helped solidify the information and it's one of those topics where you have to practice it in order to remember it.