---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we learned a bunch of SQL in class. However, this week mainly consisted of finishing up phase 2 of the project for this class. It wasn't necessarily easy for our group, however it could've been easier than it was if we had started a bit earlier. The main problem is that we didn't have a good plan coming into the phase with how we were going to structure everything, so it took a while for the ball to get rolling and for large amounts of work to be completed. Luckily we have people on each job who were quick and hardworking to get it all finished, but it was a little stressful near the end since we pushed it closer to the deadline to get it finished.

## What's in your way?

Nothing is really quite in the way for me this week. I do wish we started earlier on the project like I said above, but that tends to happen with all CS projects. Nobody can really expect or predict errors or bugs happening that take up a lot of time to fix. Something that was a little troublesome was the fact since our group didn't clearly define everything that the front end needed, the people working on the backend had to make changes to the model and our API in order for the front end people to get it working. I think if we had came across the problem sooner, it wouldn't have been as tense.

## What will you do next week?

Next week should be a normal week in class. We're definitely going to start earlier since this next part is trickier and we have to patch some stuff up on the phase that we just completed. But overall, nothing too large is coming up. 

## What's my experience of the class?

It's still going very well. SQL was quite interesting to learn. I already have had some experience with it before, so it wasn't brand new material to me, but it was nice to hear Professor Downing lecture on it. I didn't have a very good teacher when I was learning so it was good to solidify my knowledge on the syntax and the little intricacies of the language. Next week, I think we're doing refactoring which should be interesting!

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is definitely to start early. Everyone always says it, but people have other things to do and life comes up sometimes. I like to start early to give myself some more time on projects, but our entire group didn't expect a good amount of the problems that we faced and we had some trouble getting through the project. We were kind of scrambling towards the end to get the project finished, but for sure I would recommend starting early. Not even necessarily start coding early, just get everyone on the same page and wrap your head around what there is to do for the week. Just starting the thinking process earlier would've helped out my group.