---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we had a week full of lectures in class. As always, they were really informative. We learned about iterators, generators, map, and reduce. Professor Downing also spent a decent amount of time talking about the upcoming project. I've formed a group with my friends, but we don't have an idea yet. We're thinking of doing something more exciting, but we haven't given it much thought yet since there's an exam coming up this Thursday.

## What's in your way?

I don't think there's anything in my way this week. It was a pretty good week and I already started studying for the exam last week. I hope to do well on the exam next week. I did fairly well on the OOP exam when I took it with Professor Downing, but it could easily be much harder. I hope I can prepare well enough for this exam since there's only two exams.

## What will you do next week?

Next week, I plan to study a little every day for the exam. I expect it to be pretty difficult, so I'm planning on going in-depth every day with the topics that Professor Downing explained and rewrite all the functions that he has written. Maybe I'll get with my friends to make a study session and we can help each other out. Next week, I also am planning to have an idea for the project before it gets actually released. Our group also needs to make a Slack channel so we can collaborate on the idea.

## What's my experience of the class?

The class has been really great so far. I'm really excited for the big project of the class. I really hope our group can make something fun and usable. I have no doubt that it'll be challenging, but definitely rewarding.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is to do HackerRank's 30 Days of Code or any daily coding problems. I've recently been getting a lot of challenges from companies as the first step in the candidate process and the first one really opened my eyes and showed me that I need to brush up on solving coding challenges. It definitely takes practice to get good and doing them for 30 minutes a day has been really beneficial to me.