---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we spent some time on refactoring. Me and a partner in my group worked on the backend part of our big project and completed a good amount of it. We had to fix some things that weren't finished for the past phase. We pretty much got the searching to work on the backend but we still need to do the pagination.

## What's in your way?

Something that's in my way is the fact that we haven't really started on the project, again. I think everyone in my group is pretty busy so they haven't been able to start on it yet, but I think it needs to get moving if we want to finish it in time.

## What will you do next week?

Next week we plan to finish up the third phase of the project. It shouldn't be too difficult, but I think virtualization is going to be the hardest part. 

## What's my experience of the class?

It's still fairly good. This past week we were given time to discuss the third phase of the project with our group during class which was very nice of Professor Downing. We also spent a good amount of time learning refactoring which I think is a super important concept to computer science. I've definitely had to refactor code before to clean things up. The book was definitely a good read and helpful in understanding what to do and when to do it.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is <https://www.peopleperhour.com/>. It's a freelance site to "buy or sell" services online. I'm pretty sure it's based in England, but regardless, as computer scientists we have a lot of skills that can be done remotely and LOTS of people on the site are "buying" services. So we would be "sellers" on the site and you could sell your computer science skills to someone else! A "buyer" would list that they need like a web developer or someone to set up their blog and you, a "seller", would send them an offer through the website and get paid for it! I've personally never sold anything before, but I plan to this summer when I have some more free time. It's a great way to get some cash and practice your skills.