---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## What did you do this past week?


This week we learned about the workflow of the class for the project as well as the first project, the Collatz Conjecture. This past week I did a little of the readings and mainly just chilled since there wasn't that much going on. I reviewed some Python syntax from my Python course my 2nd year. It was a good review because it helped speed things up while I was starting the Collatz project. This past week I also started the Collatz project. I got the initial tests working but I haven't been able to pass the rest due to timeout issues.


## What's in your way?


Something that's in my way is passing the timeout issues on HackerRank. In Downing's OOP class we used UVa which was a LOT simpler to pass the tests. HackerRank's tests are quite difficult to pass and I can't seem to figure out the optimization necessary to pass the tests. I got pretty frustrated yesterday since I spent a good amount of time trying to figure it out. But for sure nothing to worry about, it's the process of computer science and I don't mind it since it will be super rewarding when I get it.


## What will you do next week?


Next week, I plan to finish the Collatz project, since it's due next week... I also plan to work on some personal projects before the career fair since it's coming up the week after next week. Other than that, I plan to do the readings and I'm ready to learn more Python!


## What's my experience of the class?


My experience of the class has been pretty great so far. The class is pretty engaging and I definitely feel like I learn something new every class which surprisingly isn't THAT common in college. Downing does a good job of explaining topics in a way where it doesn't feel like he's lecturing which is why I feel like its more engaging.


## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is to use Handshake to look for job/internship opportunities. I know that the CS department is really pushing the website, and I think that it's a great resource for us students. They make it so simple to find and apply for opportunities and I for sure really appreciate it. It's nice that we have it and the search would be a lot more difficult if we didn't have it.
