---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week was Exam 1! I think that the exam was pretty fair and that he asked questions that were based off of the lectures and what we learned in class. I say that because college exam can easily be incredibly tricky and over difficult when they test over things that weren't talked about in class. The reading questions really got me though because I didn't read, but I have no reason to complain becuase I made that choice! I think overall I did as well as I expected to on the exam. It went fairly well and it seems like most people agree with me as well.

## What's in your way?

What's in my way is interviews! I really need to brush up on technical interviews and algorithms that we learned in 312/314 and Algo. Sorting, searching, data structures and stuff like dynamic programming are really common in technical intervies and I need to review them before my interviews this weekend. But other than that, nothing really else is in my way. It's small but I guess figuring out an idea for the project.

## What will you do next week?

Next week I plan to continue to focus in class and learn. I'm pretty sure Professor Downing is releasing Project #4 to us this week so I guess that's what we'll be doing for the majority of the week before Spring Break!!

## What's my experience of the class?

The class has been great so far and the exam was very fair. Can't wait for the projects!

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is <https://www.peopleperhour.com/>. If you have some free time and want to do some side projects that will actually be used. People per Hour is a freelance websites where you can hire people to remotely do work that you need. I haven't actually used it myself, but I learned about it from a friend and it seems pretty cool. If you want to make some money doing CS related freelance work, this website would be a great place to look!