---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## What did you do this past week?


This past week was the first week in CS373! It went pretty well, in my opinion. I like the classroom that we're in except the projector is dark so I had to move forward to see more clearly. I had Professor Downing for CS371p: Object-Oriented Programming. I really enjoyed his class last semester which is why I really wanted to take this software engineering course. He did a great job explaining what we're planning on doing for this course and all the software that we're going to be using.


## What's in your way?


Something that's in my way is what I said above: the projector is relatively dark so it's a little hard to read the board sometimes. But other than that, I'm a little overwhelemed at all the software we have to use, but I'm optimistic that I'll learn quickly since some of them are like the ones we used in OOP (Docker and Travis)

## What will you do next week?


Next week I'm going to be going over the lectures from this week so I can stay on top of what we're learning in Python. I've had previous experience coding in Python so it won't be too big of a problem, but I don't want to fall behind because that's what happened in OOP and it wasn't fun catching back up.


## What's my experience of the class?


My experience in the class has been pretty good so far (for the two days that I've been in the class). Professor Downing has the class well structured and has a clear goal every time we show up so I know what's expected and it's obvious what we'll be learning. I don't love the daily quizzes that we have since it wasn't fun in OOP, but I'm sure that it will be fine.


## Tip of the week


My tip of the week is: <https://startbootstrap.com/>. There's so much useful information on bootstrap about web dev and a plethora of tools that web developers can use. There's templates, themes, nav bars, tools for dynamic websites, and anything else you could ever want. 