---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week I finished and submitted Project 2: Netflix with my partner. We finished it rather quickly and shout outs to all of the people on Piazza that posted their caches. We ended up using one of the caches and found our solution fairly quickly after messing around with all of the ones posted on Piazza. This past week we also learned about the reduce method, lambdas, comprehensions, and generators. Professor Downing did a great job explaining the differences and the subtle details that would definitely help debugging in the future.

## What's in your way?

What's currently in my way is getting an internship for the summer. While I've been applying online and the career fair went well, my current main focus is locking in an internship.

## What will you do next week?

Next week I plan to take it a little slower with the course. Since there's no project, I plan on reviewing everything that we've done so far and making sure that I know what's going on. Our exam is coming up the thursday after this week so I'd like to be pretty prepared before the day actually comes that way I can just be reviewing before the exam.

## What's my experience of the class?

The class has been pretty good lately. Everything's moving along nicely. I hope that Professor Downing will start teaching about object oriented python soon. Although the little details matter, I would like the class to cover more of Python.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is <http://www.theverge.com/tech> I love reading about tech news and staying up to date with all the amazing technology that's currently being made. So much cutting edge stuff and cool products and it gets me excited that I'm in a field like this.