---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we larned a good amount of information on python including variables, data structures, operators, etc. Professor Downing lectured well and told us some intricacies of the language and what to watch out for. This past week my partner and I started on Project 2: Netflix. We decided to start early since next week is career fair and also he has an exam. We got pretty far on the first day that we worked. We were able to read in the cache files and produce an output for an RMSE. We just have to work next week to get the value under 1.00.


## What's in your way?

Something that's in my way is the little details about Python. There are lots of miniscule details in Python depending on mutable/immutable types and I feel like they're pretty difficult to remember. I'm not sure how Professor Downing's tests are going to be, so I think I'm probably going to need to study before the exam comes just to keep myself caught up and not feel swamped before the exam.

## What will you do next week?

Next week I plan on finishing up Project 2 with my partner. Hopefully we'll finish it pretty quickly. Next week is also the CNS Career Fair. Thank god I don't have class on Tues/Thurs so I can take my time at the career fair and talk with alot more companies than I have in the past. It should go pretty well and I'd like to land an internship for the summer.

## What's my experience of the class?

My experience has been pretty good so far. The class is still very engaging and helpful.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is <https://coggle.it/diagram/Vz9LvW8byvN0I38x>. It's a diagram of all the languages/libraries/frameworks that are used in web development and I frequently check back on the diagram just to see what tools are used for what. It's also a good reference to decide on what to pursue next in web development. There's so much out there to learn and so much good software that makes web dev a ton easier. 