---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we continued our lessons on refactoring and different design techniques. We specifically spent lectures learning about using inheritance to pass the buck to other classes or methods to do things we need. Also, this past week our group presented our project to the class. I think the presentation went pretty well and the class seemed to like our presentation. I was a little scared of how the next group was going to critique or website, but luckily they had good things to say. Our group definitely agreed with the critiques that they said about our website, but luckily they were small. I think we could've fixed them if we were given more time since they were just a couple small things.

## What's in your way?

Definitely the exam. It's next week and I have no idea what it's going to be over. We've covered such a broad variety of information and if it's going to be like the last test, it'll be hard and very detailed.

## What will you do next week?

Next week I plan to just start studying for the exam. I have a project due in another class, but other than that I'll be focusing my time on preparing for the exam. I definitely need to do well since I haven't done too great on the quizzes.

## What's my experience of the class?

The class is still going well. It will be enjoyable to see the other groups presenting what their project was on. I liked the groups that presented after us. Everyone's site is so unique and well made.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is to study ALL of the past exercises and lecture notes. When I took OOP last semester with Professor Downing, a lot of the exam came from the in class exercises and lecture notes. Not necessarily straight from the material, but if you don't study those you won't do well.

