---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we learned about Python decorators! Personally, I thought that Professor Downing didn't do THAT terrific of a job explaining decorators. I guess that's a good thing because it means Professor Downing usually does a really good job at lecturing the topics and he set a really high bar for himself. I think he did a decent job explaining what they're used for, but I was still a little confused after the lecture. This past week I also got together with my SWE project group and we picked a really fun topic. Space launches! We were searching online for a REST API and found a website that provides information about recent space launches. I'm pretty happy with the topic and I'm pretty excited to get started.

## What's in your way?

The main thing that's in my way is the vastness of the SWE project. There's so much to cover and personally I think the project groups are a little big. Planning the project and dividing up the project will be the most challenging part. We're planning to start after Spring Break so hopefully we can finish.

## What will you do next week?

This week is Spring Break! I'm definitely going to be doing a lot of relaxing and spending time with family. I'm also planning on working on a side project and staying a little productive. I also have 3 interviews lined up this Spring Break so it won't be too free.

## What's my experience of the class?

The class is still going very well and I'm enjoying it!

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is <https://github.com/toddmotto/public-apis>. If your group hasn't found an API yet then definitely use this! This is where our group found our API and its a pretty sufficient list.