---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## What did you do this past week?

This past week we learned about relational algebra in class and various functions that they use such as select, project, cross join, theta join, etc. It was a different style of class and it was rather fun. But mainly this past week we finished the first part of the large group project. It was not easy at all and our group only started on Monday since the previous week was Spring Break. I think we did a great job of working together and we all communicated very well and made sure everyone else was on top of what they needed to accomplish. I really appreciated every person's hard work and I think we make a good team.

## What's in your way?

What's currently in my way is the database portion of the project. I was mainly responsible for setting up the models and the relationships between the models and unfortunately I wasn't able to completely do that correctly on the past project. It wasn't due, but I wanted to try and get ahead since I had some extra time while I was waiting for my group members to finish other parts of the project. I hope to finish and fix it this weekend before the next part of the project starts so my group members don't have to rely on me and wait for that part to be finished.

## What will you do next week?

Next week, I'm pretty sure we're going to continue learning about relational algebra and Professor Downing said we would start talking about SQL. Luckily, I'm currently in Data Management so I have a good background in SQL and databases so it shouldn't be too bad. Also next week we'll probably start the second phase of the project. We're definitely going to start early since last week was pretty pressured and rushed.

## What's my experience of the class?

It's been great so far. I really enjoy the project that we're working on and it's forcing us to learn a lot of the tools out there like setting up websites, and working on something that is more real than solving a coding problem or a unrelated project.

## Tip of the week

My tip of the week is <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-QDfvrRIDB6F0bIO4I4HkQ>. Since I was in charge of most of the Flask stuff for the project, I really liked this guy's tutorials and it helped a lot on working through Flask since some of the other tutorials online weren't that great.